Add 2.22.0 release (#125)
percona/community: content/projects/pmm.md

If you're interested in contributing, please check out our page on [contributing](/contribute) as well as the [main PMM repository](https://github.com/percona/pmm) that also lists all our exporter repositories.

## PMM Roadmap and Releases

> Please check what is in PMM Roadmap on this [Dashboard](https://jira.percona.com/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=13502), choose "PMM" in Roadmap picker.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please check out the PMM Roadmap on this [Dashboard](https://jira.percona.com/secure/Dashboard.jspa?selectPageId=13502), choose the project "Percona Monitoring and Management (PMM)" in All Product Issues/Roadmap picker.
```
